Update ACL plugin's README to capture the edge case (#5311)
miekg/coredns: plugin/acl/README.md

> With `acl` enabled, users are able to block or filter suspicious DNS queries by configuring IP filter rule sets, i.e. allowing authorized queries to recurse or blocking unauthorized queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `acl` enabled, users are able to block or filter suspicious DNS queries by configuring IP filter rule sets, i.e. allowing authorized queries or blocking unauthorized queries.
```

In addition to the source IP confusion, I think users in  #4697 may have misinterpreted "recurse" here, and thought this meant it would block forwarding to upstream recursive servers (but not to local authoritative zones).  What is actually meant here is that it either allows or blocks the query from passing to the rest of the plugin chain (but this is not "recursion" in a DNS sense).  Removing "to recurse" makes this clearer and more direct.

> Note the rule sets of `acl` are based on the source ip of the query observed by coredns server. If the source ip observed by coredns is different from
> the source ip of the sender client (e.g., in situations such as Source NAT), then rule sets based on client source ip may not work as expected.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When evaluating the rule sets, _acl_ uses the source IP of the TCP/UDP headers of the DNS query received by CoreDNS.
This source IP will be different than the IP of the client originating the request in cases where the source IP of the request is changed in transit.  For example:
* if the request passes though an intermediate forwarding DNS server or recursive DNS server before reaching CoreDNS
* if the request traverses a Source NAT before reaching CoreDNS

```
